just like this my third time a charm is
tomorrow an angel my age in my
California for robbery oh my kilala
Lamborghini and okay oh I got I got tuna
sheet before gang and it'd be one
poor cut you're gonna be cut like this
just wanted for people tailored fit like
a like a like a polo he was saying let's
having my broke but you gotta get me
I'll never never ever get it
I let me get me girl in and I'm saying
Beach I like who I like your mama
understood I like your uh key I like a
groom I like it and you're nice I like
your cousin I don't like I don't like
money second horse
oh don't sing oh oh I'm a little not
little not a shit you little horse the
same hey I'm gonna sacrifice a fellow
like before me Nick hey Stan I didn't
love a pit I'm of a Peggy I said I did
say okay look it's okay it's okay it's
okay I'm gonna get hey Nick okay
open your hand it's all time you you
little bit of beets for
a pharmacist